Document how to write a new tutorial in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#2463)
optuna/optuna: CONTRIBUTING.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16191443/107472296-0b211400-6bb2-11eb-9203-e2c42ce499ad.png)

> **Writing Tutorial**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Writing a Tutorial**  
```

> Tutorial is a part of Optuna’s documentation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials are part of Optuna’s documentation.  
```

> Optuna generally depends on Sphinx to build HTML files of documentation from corresponding reStructuredText (`.rst`) files in docs/source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optuna depends on Sphinx to build the documentation HTML files from the corresponding reStructuredText (`.rst`) files in the docs/source directory,
```

> But as you may notice, [Tutorial directory](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial) does not have any `.rst` files, but has a bunch of Python (`.py`) files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but as you may notice, [Tutorial directory](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial) does not have any `.rst` files. Instead, it has a bunch of Python (`.py`) files.
```

> We have [Sphinx Gallery](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html) execute those `.py` files and generate `.rst` files with standard outputs from them and corresponding Jupyter Notebook (`.ipynb`) files. 

Reviewer 2: ?
```suggestion
We have [Sphinx Gallery](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html) that executes those `.py` files and generates `.rst` files with standard outputs from them and corresponding Jupyter Notebook (`.ipynb`) files. 
```

> We have [Sphinx Gallery](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html) execute those `.py` files and generate `.rst` files with standard outputs from them and corresponding Jupyter Notebook (`.ipynb`) files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sphinx Gallery](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html) executes those `.py` files and generates `.rst` files with standard outputs and the corresponding Jupyter Notebook (`.ipynb`) files. 
```

> These generated `.rst` and `.ipynb` files are written out to docs/source/tutorial directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These generated `.rst` and `.ipynb` files are written to the docs/source/tutorial directory. 
```

> The output directory (docs/source/tutorial) and source (tutorial) directory are configured in [`sphinx_gallery_conf ` of docs/source/conf.py](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/2e14273cab87f13edeb9d804a43bd63c44703cb5/docs/source/conf.py#L189-L199). These generated `.rst` files are handled by Sphinx likewise the other `.rst` files. The generated `.ipynb` files are hosted on Optuna’s documentation page and downloadable (check [Optuna tutorial](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/index.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output directory (docs/source/tutorial) and source (tutorial) directory are configured in [`sphinx_gallery_conf ` of docs/source/conf.py](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/2e14273cab87f13edeb9d804a43bd63c44703cb5/docs/source/conf.py#L189-L199). These generated `.rst` files are handled by Sphinx like the other `.rst` files. The generated `.ipynb` files are hosted on Optuna’s documentation page and downloadable (check [Optuna tutorial](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/index.html)).
```

> The order of contents on [tutorial top page](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/index.html) is determined by two keys: one is the subdirectory name of tutorial and the other is the filename (note that there are some alternatives as documented in [Sphinx Gallery - sorting](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/gen_modules/sphinx_gallery.sorting.html?highlight=filenamesortkey) but we chose this key in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/2e14273cab87f13edeb9d804a43bd63c44703cb5/docs/source/conf.py#L196).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of contents on [tutorial top page](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/index.html) is determined by two keys: one is the subdirectory name of tutorial and the other is the filename (note that there are some alternatives as documented in [Sphinx Gallery - sorting](https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/gen_modules/sphinx_gallery.sorting.html?highlight=filenamesortkey), but we chose this key in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/2e14273cab87f13edeb9d804a43bd63c44703cb5/docs/source/conf.py#L196).  
```

> Optuna’s tutorial directory currently has two directories: (1) [10_key_features](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial/10_key_features) which is meant to be aligned with the key features listed on [README.md](https://github.com/optuna/optuna#key-features) and explain them, and (2) [20_recipes](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial/20_recipes) whose contents showcase how to use Optuna features conveniently.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optuna’s tutorial directory has two directories: (1) [10_key_features](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial/10_key_features), which is meant to be aligned with and explain the key features listed on [README.md](https://github.com/optuna/optuna#key-features) and (2) [20_recipes](https://github.com/optuna/optuna/tree/master/tutorial/20_recipes), whose contents showcase how to use Optuna features conveniently.  
```

> So if you are to add a new content to Optuna tutorial, that content should be placed in `20_recipes` and its file name should conform to the others, for example, `777_cool_feature.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding new content to the Optuna tutorials, place it in `20_recipes` and its file name should conform to the other names, for example, `777_cool_feature.py`.
```

> The prefix numbers of files are consecutive and we expect you to follow this convention. However, this is not mandatory and if you think your content deserves the smaller number (we don’t mean anything by the order of recipes, but in general, order could convey the priority order to readers), feel free to contact Optuna committers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, please number the prefix for your file consecutively with the last number. However, this is not mandatory and if you think your content deserves the smaller number (the order of recipes does not have a specific meaning, but in general, order could convey the priority order to readers), feel free to propose the renumbering in your PR.
```
```suggestion
The prefix numbers of files are consecutive and we expect you to follow this convention. However, this is not mandatory and if you think your content deserves the smaller number (we don’t mean anything by the order of recipes, but in general, order could convey the priority order to readers), feel free to contact Optuna committers.
```

> You may want to refer to Sphinx Gallery for the syntax of `.py` files processed by Sphinx Gallery and we follow it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to refer to the Sphinx Gallery for the syntax of `.py` files processed by Sphinx Gallery.
```

> In Optuna tutorial, there are Optuna specific conventions and limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two specific conventions and limitations for Optuna tutorials:
```

1. 99 #s for block separation as in https://github.com/optuna/optuna/blob/2e14273cab87f13edeb9d804a43bd63c44703cb5/tutorial/10_key_features/001_first.py#L19

> 2. Execution time of the new content needs to be less than three minutes. This limitation derives from Read The Docs. If your content runs some hyperparameter optimization, set the `timeout` to 180 or less.

Reviewer 2: Is there some link to confirm `This limitation derives from Read The Docs`?

Author: Can https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/builds.html be?

Reviewer 2: Thank you for sharing it! I suppose so.
